The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Last Days of L.A., by George H. Smith

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using
this ebook.



Title: The Last Days of L.A.

Author: George H. Smith

Release Date: November 11, 2019 [EBook #60671]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE LAST DAYS OF L.A. ***




Produced by Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net









                         The Last Days of L.A.

                          BY GEORGE H. SMITH

                _Murder on a small scale may be illegal
                and unpleasant, but mass murder can be
              the most exhilarating thing in the world!_

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
             Worlds of If Science Fiction, February 1959.
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


You are having the same recurring dream, the dream that has haunted
the whole world since that day in 1945. The dream of the sudden flash
in the night, the rising mushroom cloud and then annihilation. You
are living the nightmare again but this time it's true, you know it's
true. You can't be dreaming. The bombs are actually falling and huge
fireballs are sweeping upward while seas of flame spread at supersonic
speeds to engulf the city. You feel the blast, the searing heat, you
feel your flesh melting away. You try to scream but the sound dies
in your throat as your lungs shrivel. Horror makes you try again and
somehow you do scream and wake yourself up.

Once more, this one more time, it is only a dream. You lie there
panting, too weak from terror to move out of the puddle of your own
sweat. You lie there and think and your thoughts aren't very pretty.
It's a week day and you ought to be down at the office turning out
advertising copy by the ton but instead you lie there and think even
though you don't like what you're thinking. It's got to be soon. It
can't be much longer now, not the way things are going.

You finally crawl out of bed around noon and ease your way into the
kitchen. You realize that you have a hangover and since you can't
remember what you did the night before you suppose you must have been
drunk. By the time you finish one of the two quarts of beer you find in
the refrigerator you know that isn't what you need, so you put on some
clothes and wander out to a bar.

After a few quick drinks you walk somewhat unsteadily out into the
street again and head toward the place you always think of as The Bar.
A wino edges up to you and asks for money to buy a sandwich and a cup
of coffee.

You give him a dollar but make him promise not to spend it on anything
so foolish as food. "Liquor, brother, is the salvation of the race,"
you tell him. "Believe and be saved!"

"Amen!" he says and hurries off.

You make the mistake of stopping to read the headlines on the corner
so you know you're not drunk enough yet. U. S. REJECTS NEW RUSS NOTE.
MOON GUNS CAN DESTROY CITIES: KAGANOVITCH. BURMA LEADER KILLED IN FRESH
UPRISING.

Just before you get to The Bar you pass an alleyway and as you glance
into the darkness, you see a huge rat standing there staring at you
with arrogant red eyes. After a moment he walks away, unhurried and
cocky. An icy chill runs down your spine. The rats will survive. The
rats always survive. Maybe _they_ are the Master Race. Something else
tugs at your memory, something you read somewhere. Oh yes, it was a
statement by an oceanographer. He said that even if the H-bomb should
annihilate every living thing on the surface of the earth, the sea
creatures would be able to carry on. The rats and the fish will carry
on and build a better world.

Your friends are sitting in their usual places when you get to The Bar.
John Jones-Very who has the reddest, bushiest and longest beard and
also the record for staying drunk the longest, is doing the talking.
Listening are Dale Bushman who paints huge canvases which he never
finishes, Ian, an out-of-work musician whose last name you don't know,
Pat O'Malley the actor and, of course, Anna.

Anna is small and thin with deeply tanned skin drawn tightly over high
cheekbones. She wears a plain dress and no makeup and her hair is done
up in a bun on the nape of her neck. The poetry she writes is a kind
of elegant pornography. She is the only one in the group who makes
any money and that is because her book FLAME ROSE has been banned all
across the country. You like her very much, probably because she is the
most irritatingly ugly woman you have ever met.

A howling bank of jets hurls across the sky screaming for human blood
and you shiver as you squeeze in at the table. You are convinced that
the elementals of hell are loose above and the world is in its last
stages. All the children born this year will probably have twenty-one
teeth and Anti-Christ will walk the land.

"Why worry about the next war?" Dale Bushman asks. "It won't last
forever."

"No," John says. "No war ever has ... yet."

"Do you think it's coming?" you ask.

"If you read the papers, you'd take to the hills right now," Pat
O'Malley says, finishing his bowl of chili and reaching for his drink.

"Ah, the hills," Ian says. "But what good? The H-bomb is bad enough but
they'll use the C-bomb, the cobalt bomb, and this is the final weapon."

"Just the same," you say. "I think we ought to take to the hills." Why
not hide yourself way back of nowhere? Hide so deep in the woods and
mountains that you won't even know when it happens. You could wrap the
silence around you and pull the earth over you. You could bury yourself
so deep that ... but of course you won't. You have a job and, like
everyone else, at least a thousand other reasons for staying on until
the end.

"But really," you say, "a man should be able to survive a time of
terror by disengaging himself as completely as possible from the rest
of the human race. If he were to reduce his needs to a minimum ... a
little bread, a few vegetables, a blanket or two, a warm cave and...."

"A blonde or two," Pat says.

Bushman adds, "A cellar of good Scotch."

"And books, lots of books," Jones-Very puts in.

"No blondes, no Scotch, no books," you tell them, banging your mug on
the table so hard their glasses jump. "Minimum needs ... minimum needs!"

"How about plumbing?" Anna demands. "I won't go without plumbing."

"We're facing the end of the world," says John, "and you worry about
plumbing!"

"I'm sorry, but if plumbing isn't going to survive, I'd just as soon
not either," Anna says. "I just can't see myself squatting in the
bushes."

"What difference does it make?" Ian asks. "Everybody dies anyway. From
the moment you're born, you start dying."

"Yes, but--"

"So why bother? Everybody dies. Why prolong it more than you have to?
Everybody dies."

"Worlds may or may not blow up," O'Malley says, "but it seems to me
it's the little indignities of modern life that hurt the most. The
constant repetition of the advertising slogans that insult your
intelligence, and the women with the pearly teeth and perfect permanent
waves, without body odor or souls."

"I have body odor," Anna says.

"But no soul," Ian says. "No soul at all."

"You're just mad because I wouldn't sleep with you last night."

"No soul," Ian says.

The jukebox offers Tin Pan Alley's solution to the whole thing:

    OH BABY, OH MY BABY O
        MY BABY IS MY BABY O
    MY BABY IS MY BABY O
        MY BABY LOVES ME O
    SHE DOES, SHE DOES, SHE DOES O

"Our trouble is too much history," John says. "A period without history
is a happy one and we've had too much history."

"No soul--too much history," Ian hiccups. "Not enough sex--everybody
dies."

"Everybody is going to die damn fast, unless something happens," you
say.

"No soul--so sad," Ian mumbles. "No soul and no sex ... everybody dies,
nothing happens."

"So what?" Anna demands. "What is life anyway? Why try to be like
everyone else in this beautiful but messy Brave New World of 1970? Why
run searching for a messiah when all the messiahs died a thousand years
ago?"

This starts you thinking about religion. You've never thought much
about it before but a man can change, maybe even accept the old myths
as real until they actually begin to seem real. Instead of dwelling
on your body being burned to a cinder in an atomic holocaust you could
think of your slightly singed soul being wafted to paradise on a
mushroom cloud while U-235 atoms sing a heavenly chorus to speed you on
your way.

The others don't even notice when you get up and walk out to look for a
church.

       *       *       *       *       *

Churches aren't hard to find in Los Angeles on any day of the week or
at any hour of the day. They're behind the blank fronts of painted-over
store windows. They're located in big old nineteenth-century houses
along Adams; they spring up under tents in vacant lots and in large
expensive temples and bank-like buildings in the downtown area.

You pass by several likely-looking churches because they are in
neighborhoods that have alleyways, and you still remember that rat,
that red-eyed rat.

Then as you walk through downtown crowds, you remember something else.
Some dentist once said that the teeth of the people in the A-bombed
Japanese cities hadn't been affected by radiation. This is very funny,
it makes you laugh. You picture a world of blistered corpses, none of
whose teeth have been affected. You laugh out loud and people turn to
look at you.

A woman points you out to a policeman and he looks your way. You want
to keep on laughing but now you don't dare to. So you just keep on
walking, trying to keep the laughter from bubbling out of you.

"Hey, bud," the policeman calls to you, "what's the matter with you?"

"Nothing--nothing at all, officer," you tell him, and dive into the
next church you pass.

This one is called the Church of the New Cosmology. Inside, a
round-faced little man is talking to a few listless people.

"A geologist will never know the rocks until he has seen the Rock of
Ages. The botanist will never know plants until he has beheld the Lily
of the Valley, the cosmologist will never know the universe until he
has listened to the Word of God!

"Let us consider for a moment the sun. What do we know about the sun,
my friends? What do the so-called scientists know about it? What do
they tell us about our heavenly light? They say it's a giant ball of
fire millions of miles across and ninety-one million miles away. Now
why, I ask you, would that be so? The Bible says that God made the sun
to light the world. Now have you ever known the Lord to do anything
silly or foolish? Of course you haven't! Then why do they ask us to
believe that He would put the sun, which is supposed to light the
world, ninety-one million miles away from it? An engineer who did
something like that wouldn't be much of a God. The true answer, my
friends, is that Jehovah God did nothing so impractical and no matter
who tells you different, don't believe it!"

The little man's voice dropped to a husky whisper. "I have studied
my Bible and I've listened to the scientists and I've talked to God
Himself about it and I tell you this is the truth. The sun is our
heavenly light, the sure sign of God's love, and right this minute it
is just two thousand three hundred miles from Los Angeles! It is not a
wasteful million miles across, it is just forty-five and five-tenths
miles across ... just the right size to give us our beautiful
California sunshine.

"How do I know?" The whisper had grown to a hoarse shout. "How do I
know? I know because it's the Word of God, my friends! The personal
word of God given to me by God Himself.

"What else do I know? What else has God told me, to confound the
Godless scientists? Why, my friends, the Bible says that this earth
upon which we live is flat--as flat as this book!" He brings his hand
down with a sharp slap on the Bible. "You ask then how is it possible
to circumnavigate the world when it is a flat plane. The answer is that
it isn't possible. A ship that seems to go around the world really
makes a circle on the flat surface like this." With a stubby forefinger
he draws a circle on the book. "Now I know that those scientists up on
the moon say that the world is round, but whoever saw or heard of a
scientist that wasn't a liar? Can any of you really bring yourselves
to believe that this flat earth of ours is traveling through space at
the tremendous speed that they say it is? Tell me, do you feel any wind
from this great speed? Do you feel anything at all?"

No, you have to admit, you don't. You don't feel a thing. Even his own
congregation doesn't seem to.

This is thirsty work. You have a couple more drinks and then you
look for another church. You find one called the Church of Christian
Capitalism.

The thin old man with the dusty fringe of gray hair has his audience
well in hand as you walk in and take a seat. He makes the sign of the
cross and the sign of the dollar over their heads as he harangues them.

"Blessed are the wealthy for they shall please God," he says. "Christ
was the first capitalist, dear friends. He took a loaf and seven fishes
and blessed them and made them into enough food to feed a multitude. He
walked in poverty but he came to own the world!

"God is the Good Capitalist, the Owner and Proprietor of all
things on this earth. This country was created by those saints of
Capitalism--Morgan, Rockefeller and Gould."

Christian Capitalism sends you home to bed by way of another bar.

       *       *       *       *       *

You're sitting in a room with people all around you. At first you don't
know why you're there and then you remember it's a party. Everyone
except you is laughing and drinking and having a good time. You have
a strange sense of foreboding, of something about to happen that you
can't avoid. You see a girl you know across the room and get up and
start to cross the room to her.

There's a sudden blinding flash of light outside the house and the
windows come crashing in. You see murderous slivers of glass piercing
the flesh of those about you and you hurry over to the girl you know
only to find her face and neck slashed by the flying glass and blood
streaming down over her bare breasts. You try to stop the flow of blood
with a handkerchief but it's coming in such strong spurts that you
can't.

A second shock wave follows the first with an even brighter flash.
You're knocked to the floor and the building comes crashing down. You
struggle against the falling masonry but it does no good. You feel the
crushing weight and scream ... and your screams wake you up.

You feel almost as bad awake as you did asleep, only now the crushing
weight is on your head instead of your chest and your mouth is filled
with the taste of death and decay. You figure you must have been
drinking last night but you can't quite remember.

You reach out your hand and it locates a bottle that still guggles a
little. Without opening your eyes you lift it hurriedly to your mouth
and then almost choke trying to spit it out. Mouthwash!

You manage to get your eyes open, and remember with thankful heart that
today is Sunday and you don't have to go to work. It's been five days
since the last dream and that's not so bad, but just the same you'd
better get up and get a drink because this one really shook you up. Or
maybe you ought to go to church. Perhaps you'd better do both.

A tall blond man in a black suit is standing on a platform in the
center of a group of forty or fifty intensely quiet people as you
enter.

"Is there a wall in front of you?" he asks.

"Yes, there is a wall in front of us," the people answer.

"Can you see the wall in front of you?"

"Yes, we can see the wall."

"Is there a wall behind you?"

"Yes, there is a wall behind us."

"Can you see the wall behind you?"

They all turn around and look. "Yes, we can see the wall behind us."

"Is there a floor beneath your feet?"

"Yes, there is a floor beneath our feet."

"Are you sure? Feel the floor with your feet."

There is a loud shuffling as they do as they are told.

"Are you sure the floor is there?"

"Yes, we're sure the floor is there."

"Now feel your feet with the floor."

There is more shuffling and during this you steal quietly out. This one
reminds you of the D.T.'s and you want nothing at all to do with that.

You get tossed out of the next place you try because the preacher says
you're drunk. You're not, but you wish you were, so you head toward The
Bar. You stop when you see the sign, "FLYING SAUCER CONVENTION." It's
over the door of a large building and underneath in smaller letters it
says, "Listen to the words of the Space People. Hear the advice they
bring us in these troubled times."

Surely, you tell yourself, the Space People will have a solution,
surely they can bring peace. You enter and see a young,
ordinary-looking fellow addressing a crowd of about three hundred. You
take a seat next to a bald man who is writing down what the young man
is saying even though it doesn't seem to make much sense.

"... member of a small group that has been in touch with the Space
People and feel that this world can be saved only through the aid of
superior beings. I will now play this tape which I obtained from the
captain of a Flying Saucer."

He places the tape on the spindle and it begins to whirl. A voice
begins to speak in slightly stilted English. "I am Lelan. I am what
you people of Earth think of as the head of the government of the
planet Nobila. I speak to you across the parsecs in order to bring you
good and bad news. The good is that a new age is about to begin for
the people of Earth through the aid of we Nobilians. We have already
contacted the President of the United States, the Pope of the Catholic
Church and all other world leaders. A new age is about to begin for you
as soon as we have saved you from the evil influence of the vicious
Zenonians from the planet Zeno. All Earth knowledge will become
obsolete as we supply you with new information and all good things will
be free in the days after we drive the Zenonians from among you.

"But first we must warn you that the Zenonians will try to stop us,
but you can help avoid this if you are alert. Look around you for
persons who seem strange. It is the Zenonians who have made you what
you are. It is the Zenonians who cause your wars and your crime with
their evil rays. We will use our good Nobil rays to combat their evil
Z rays. When we have driven them out, the world will be a better place
in which to live. But--beware! They are all about you. Examine the man
next to you. Beware! They are all about you. You shall hear from us
again."

You turn and look at the man next to you; he's looking at you. He _is_
a rather strange-looking guy and you edge away from him just as he
edges away from you. You turn to look at the man on the other side of
you. He is moving away from you also.

Then you hear the stories of the people in the audience. Every one of
them who stands up to speak has had a mysterious visitor in the night
or had a flying saucer land in his backyard. Most of them have had
trips to the moon and elsewhere in flying saucers. Space you think must
be as crowded as the Hollywood Freeway at rush hour. Almost all of them
have been contacted by superior beings from space because they are the
only people in the world who are wise enough to interpret the Space
People to the Earth people.

You feel pretty good from the drinks you've had, so you stand up and
tell them what you think.

"The first flying saucers were sighted after the atomic bombs were
first exploded," you begin. "And they became very prevalent after the
first Earth satellites were put into space and again after the first
moon rockets. I therefore think that the Earth is a cosmic madhouse in
which the human race has been incarcerated for its own good and that
every time we start rattling the bars, the keepers hurry down to take a
look."

No one seems to care much for your theory, and you are escorted to the
door none too politely.

No, the Space People don't seem to have the answer. With the headlines
you see at every corner chasing you, you head for The Bar and dive
gratefully through the door.

"So everybody dies," Ian is saying. "We're all dying, just sitting
here."

"Will you stop that? God damn it, will you stop that?" you yell at him.

Ian looks at you owlishly for a few seconds and then back at his drink.
Jones-Very and the others go right on with the conversation.

"It's merely what I was saying the other night," Jones-Very says. "It's
the contagious spread of the madness that is epidemic in our time. No
one wants war. But still we are going to have a war. After all, the
very zeitgeist of our times is one of complete callousness toward human
life. You have only to think of the Russian slave camps, the German gas
chambers and our own highway slaughter."

"Maybe life itself is just some sort of stupid mistake," Anna says.
"Maybe we're a cosmic blunder, a few pimples on the tail of the
universe."

"That isn't so," you blurt out. "There's purpose--there's got to be
purpose. You can't look around you and say there isn't purpose in the
universe; that there isn't a reason for our being here."

This time they all turn and look at you strangely. Then they look at
each other.

"I wonder," Jones-Very says, "if I wasn't closer to the truth than I
thought when I talked about contagion."

"What the hell do you mean by that?" you demand, half rising from your
seat.

"Nothing ... nothing at all," Jones-Very says, looking at the others.

"What this world needs is a moral renovation--a new birth of the
spirit," you go on.

"Oh, my God," Jones-Very moans, his head in his hands.

"Would you listen to that, in this age of space stations and moon
guns," Anna says.

"John, you're right--you're right! It's got him!" Bushman says.

You won't listen to any more of this. You get to your feet and stagger
with great dignity to the door.

       *       *       *       *       *

You're dressed in high altitude equipment and you're sitting in the
nose of a jet bomber listening to the vicious growling of the motors.
You have a tremendous feeling of power and you think about how many
you'll kill this trip. You think about the big black bombs nestled in
the bomb bay and remember there is one for each of the three cities on
your list.

God, it will be beautiful! You can almost see the glorious colors of
the rising mushroom cloud and hear the screaming of the shattered
atoms. You can't hear the screaming of the people up here, that's one
of the nicest parts of this kind of murder. You can't hear them. This
makes you as happy as it must have made Attila and Hitler when they
killed their millions. Murder on a small scale may be illegal and
unpleasant, but mass murder can be the most exhilarating thing in the
world.

Then your bombs are gone and you're passing through the most beautiful
clouds you've ever seen but somehow they smell of charred flesh and
even up here you hear the screams of the people. The sound rips
and tears at your brain, destroying what little sanity you have
left. You've got to stop them! You've got to, before they drive you
completely mad. You tilt the nose of the bomber and dive toward the
screams. You've got to stop them! You scream back at them as you dive
and again your own screams wake you up.

This is the worst one you've ever had and your hangover is almost as
bad. You dress and hurry out of your apartment to get away from the
terror and the guilt but suddenly you remember that you aren't really
the guilty one. Or are you?

You look for a bar or a place to buy a bottle and then remember that
you haven't any money. You see Pat O'Malley up ahead of you in the
crowd and hurry to catch up with him. He hasn't any money either, so
you suggest that both of you go to church.

"Why not?" he says. "We have only our souls to lose."

The two of you enter the first one you come to and the woman on the
platform is an amazing sight. She's big and full-bodied and has all the
grace and arrogance of a lioness. She's got the Word and she's passing
it out in large doses.

"That's Dr. Elinda A. Egers, D.C.F.," O'Malley whispers. "Doctor of
Complete Faith."

You watch fascinated as that lush body of hers moves restlessly around
the platform.

"In these troubled times the tortured mind of man is hanging in the
balance, because he has forgotten his great enemy," Elinda shouts.
There's a wildness in her eyes and a sensuousness in the way she moves
her body that makes you move forward until you're sitting on the edge
of your seat. Any stripper, you muse, would give her G-string to be
able to imitate this woman's uninhibited way with her hips.

"Why are our asylums filled with millions of the mentally sick? And
why are there tens of millions of the physically sick among us?
WHY?" she demands at the top of her lungs. "Because the doctors and
the psychologists absolutely fail to recognize or blindly refuse to
recognize the demoniac origin of these illnesses. They have failed, my
dear friends, because they are bound to the unreality of conventional
science. They have failed because they did not look into their souls to
see what God has written there for all to read.

"If we face the truth, we will learn to recognize the presence of
demons and only then can we cure the inflicted!"

Demons, you think. What a lovely idea. Perhaps you have fallen through
a rift in time and come out in the Middle Ages with only wonderful
things like witches and demons to worry about. You turn to O'Malley to
tell him this, only to find him sound asleep. You've often wondered
where he did his sleeping, and now you know.

"The battle in the world today is not between nations but between Jesus
Christ and the Devil!" She has gone into a kind of bump and grind
routine now with her hands on those glorious hips and her body moving
back and forth while her legs remain absolutely still. It looks real
good from where you sit but you think it might look even better up
closer so you leave Pat snoring gently and take a seat further toward
the front.

"Come to me and the Lord will put out his hand and save you. He has
said unto me: 'You shall have the power to cast out demons,' and I have
replied that I will do so. If you feel it, say Amen!"

There is a lusty chorus of amen's from the winos and bums who fill the
auditorium. You have an idea they were attracted here by the same thing
that keeps you on the edge of your seat.

A man with the jerks of some sort comes down the aisle and the healing
starts. Dr. Egers lays one hand on his head and the other at the back
of his neck.

"Get out of him, you demons! Out! Out! In the name of the Lord, I
charge thee--get out!"

The man jerks even more violently. "Heal him, Lord, heal him! They're
coming out ... the demons are coming out. Can't you feel them leaving
you, brother?"

The fellow jerks once more and almost falls as an attendant leads
him away. "He's cured," Elinda shouts. "Praise God! He'll never have
another convulsion."

"Praise God! Praise God!" the congregation shouts. Only the
still-jerking man seems to have any doubts as to his cure.

"The Power of God will save you," she says to the little boy now
kneeling before her. "From the top of his head to the bottom of his
feet, I charge you, Satan, come out!" She hugs the child against those
astonishing breasts of hers. "This can be your cure if you believe,
Jimmy. All things are possible if you only believe. Little Jimmy, do
you have faith?"

The boy nods his head eagerly and his face is so full of faith and
belief that you find yourself nodding with him.

"Restore him tonight in the name of Jesus Christ!" she shouts, placing
her hands on his thin little legs. "This little leg, Lord ... send the
Power to restore this little leg. Drive the demon of evil from it!" Her
voice grows even louder. "The Power is coming! The Power is coming! The
Power is within me now and it will flow from me to you. Do you feel it,
Jimmy? Do you feel it? Do you feel it flowing in your legs?"

She has lifted him from the floor and is cradling him in her arms. "Do
you feel it, Jimmy?"

Christ, you can almost feel it yourself.

"Don't your legs feel different, Jimmy?"

"I think they're tingling a little," he says.

"Do you hear that?" she shouts again. "His legs are tingling! The God
Power is making them tingle!" She lowers the child to the floor. "You
can do it, Lord! Send the Power in the name of Jesus! Send it into this
little foot, into this little leg. Try, Jimmy, try it for me, try it
now!"

Jimmy tries to stand up but wavers and falls. With renewed effort he
manages to pull himself erect and stand swaying.

"YOU'VE SEEN IT! YOU'VE SEEN IT WITH YOUR OWN EYES!" Elinda screams at
them joyously.

Sure they've seen it but they don't seem much impressed. In fact,
most of them get up and leave after this round. You ease yourself out
of your seat and head toward the door, because you need a drink, but
you turn before going out to look back at her. She looks tired and
disappointment shows in her full sensuous face.

You know that she's the most wonderful thing you have ever seen. You've
found your religion. You've found something to worship--Elinda Egers,
the only real goddess in the world. You'll come here every night and
the bomb won't worry you because you have a religion now. Elinda Egers
will save you. You head for the nearest bar, singing "Rock of Ages" at
the top of your lungs.

       *       *       *       *       *

You're running ... running, terror riding you like a jockey using the
whip. You're running while a boiling sea of flame rolls over the city.
Behind you and close on your heels come breakers of radioactive hell,
smashing buildings and lifting cars and people into the air. People
are running on all sides of you. A girl in a spangled evening dress, a
puffing little man in Bermuda shorts, a woman carrying two children, a
man with a golf bag over his shoulder and two men in gray flannel suits
followed by a woman in a sack dress that keeps blowing up over her face
as she runs.

The harder you run, the closer the fire seems to get. You can feel it
singeing your back and the fat little man screams as a lashing tongue
catches up with him and turns him into a cinder. The woman in the sack
dress tramples across the bodies of the two men in gray flannel but
the man with the golf club fights her off with his mashie. Then the
four of them are eaten up by the hungry flames. You moan and your legs
pump harder. There's an underground shelter ahead and you run toward
it only to find the entrance jammed with people. You try to fight your
way in. You grab hold of a man but his boiled flesh comes away in your
hands. Then you see they are all dead, packed together so tightly they
can't fall. You're running again and you see the woman with the two
children only there's nothing left of them but a charred arm and a hand
which she still clutches. The girl in the evening dress falls in front
of you and you stumble over her. You see her dress and then her hair
burst into flames. She throws her arms around you and you feel the
suffocating flames.

"Oh Lord--Lord," you moan, and wake up. The bottle of wine on the
nightstand is only half empty and you drink from it gratefully and
think of going out for more. But you remember your goddess and you know
that you have to go to see her.

She's in good form tonight as she talks about the Kinsey Report.

"If you're listening, say Amen!" She raises both arms as she yells this
and you're amazed at the way her big breasts rise with them.

"In the Old Testament, God demanded death for the adulteress but Dr.
Kinsey in his day tried to make her sins sound normal. But I tell you
that this sin is the road to Hell, for the person and for the nation.
God has destroyed other cities for this sin and His wrath will fall
upon yours as well.

"If you're listening, say Amen!"

"AMEN!"

"Are you really listening? Do you honestly want to hear? Or do you
prefer the way Los Angeles and the rest of the nation is going? Do you
prefer the way of sex, the way of fornication and adultery? Do you
prefer to read about sixteen-year old girls found in love nests with
older men? Do you prefer to think of boys and girls in the back seats
of cars? Do you prefer to think of some man's hand running over your
daughter's body, touching her...." Elinda Egers is swaying back and
forth, her body rigid, her breath coming faster and faster.

Someone else is breathing heavily and you're not surprised to find it's
you.

"If this is what you want, say Amen!"

"Amen!" you shout before you realize you're not supposed to this time.
No one seems to notice. Beads of perspiration are forming on the back
of your neck and trickling down your spine. The tabernacle is jammed
and there isn't much ventilation. You're dizzy with the wine, lack of
food and desire.

"Go ahead! Let your kids go to Hell! Let them read comic books and
smoke and drink and fornicate in the back seats of jalopies! Let them
go to filthy movies, let them listen to dirty jokes on television, let
them look at the brazen women with their breasts hanging half out of
their dresses."

"Oooooh ..." a woman in front of you moans, and you feel like moaning
with her.

"But if you don't want these things," Elinda shouts, her voice on the
verge of breaking, "sing--sing, sing with me!

    "_Come home, come home,
    Ye who are weary,
    Come home._"

You are sitting in a metal room with telescreens on the wall and a big
red button in front of you. Sweat is standing out on your forehead
and trickling down the back of your neck because you know the time is
coming, the time when you have to decide whether to push that button
and send a dozen ICBM's with hydrogen warheads arcing over the Pole.
In the telescreens you see cities ... peaceful scenes of people going
about their business. Then the people are running, leaping out of their
cars and leaving them on the street, vanishing into buildings and
underground shelters. Your hand is poised over the big red button and
your muscles are tightened as if your whole hand and arm were turned to
wood, and you know that even if you have to, you can't push that button
and destroy half the world.

Then in one of the telescreens there is a sudden white glare, and the
screen goes blank--burned out--and then in another telescreen you
see destruction fountaining like dirty white dust boiling out of the
streets ... and you see the buildings breaking and falling in rubble,
and now you hear the people's screams, a sound that tears through your
guts and drives you crazy, and the rubble is falling and sending up
more fountains of gray dust--and you know that this is happening to
your own country, your own people, and you have to strike back, you
have to push the button and avenge them, stop the slaughter by killing
the enemy's people and destroying their cities too, but you can't make
yourself push the button, your arm won't move and your fingers are
paralyzed, and then all the telescreens are glaring white or blowing
up in clouds of destruction, and you scream, scream in the metal room
until you can't hear anything but your own screaming, and then somehow
you force your hand down and push the button. And just as you feel it
go down, the walls of the room burst inward in a volcano of noise and
terror and the gray dust comes swirling in over you, blotting out your
screams....

You wake up and hurry through the streets with this last dream hanging
over you more heavily than any of the others. You've got to run--you've
got to get out. But look at all the other people. None of them are
running. They're going home from work--going into cafes, walking the
dog ... oh God, walking the dog at a time like this....

You're scared. The bloody world is coming to a bloody end. You know it
just as sure as you're sitting here in the warm sun in MacArthur park
with the fifth you've bought and are drinking from in a paper bag.

It's close now. You're not sure how close but it's close. The world is
coming to an end and you know you can't convince anyone that it is. You
feel the way Henny Penny--or was it Chicken Little?--must have felt.
The sky is falling! The sky is falling! Hell--you're just one more
caterwauling messiah in a city of messiahs. Los Angeles, where every
man is his own messiah.

Then you know what the trouble is. You've been looking for someone
to help you, when what you should have been doing was helping them.
Now you realize that you are the _one_, you are the messiah you've
been seeking. It's up to you to lead them out to the city into the
wilderness. You drink more and you drink it fast and the more you drink
the more a feeling of infinite compassion comes over you for your
fellow men.

You can save them. You can do it. You drain about two-thirds of the
bottle and then get up and walk toward a man in that uniform of
success, a gray flannel suit.

"Wait a minute, friend," you say, shifting the bottle to your left hand
so you can take his arm with your right.

"What is it? What do you want?" he says, looking at you as though
you're drunk.

"Have you seen the papers today, friend?" you ask.

"Let go of me," he says, pulling away.

"If you have seen them, what are you going to do about it?"

"I'm going home and eat my dinner." He hurries off.

You approach a plump, pretty little blonde pushing a baby carriage.
"Miss, can I have a few minutes of your time in which to save your
life?"

She looks frightened and tries to wheel the buggy around you.

"Have you thought about the future of this dear little child of yours?"

She breaks into a half trot and soon disappears with the baby carriage
bouncing along ahead of her.

You sit down for a few minutes and have a few more swallows of the
bourbon. When you get up you're surprised to find that you stagger a
little. But you've got to tell the people, you've got to make them
listen. Your eye lights on a garbage can a short way off and you know
you've found the way to do it. You take a stand beside the can and
with the bottle tucked safely in your pocket you begin to pound on the
can with both hands.

"Hey, listen, everybody! I've got to tell you about the Last Days of
Los Angeles. Listen to me! I can save you if you'll just listen! You're
doomed. The city is doomed!"

You pound like mad on the can, but this being L.A. where such things
happen every day, only a very few passersby stop. "Come over here and
let me tell you about it!" you yell. "Do you know what the power of the
H-Bomb can do? Have you heard of the C-Bomb? Do you know what nerve gas
is? Have you seen the Sputniks overhead? Do you know how far an ICBM
will travel and how fast? Do you know that there is no defense?"

You grab a man by the arm, but he shakes you off, so you reach for a
gray-haired old lady and get an umbrella in your middle from the dear
little thing.

"Boy, is he ever soused." Two teen-aged girls are standing in front of
you, giggling. "Did you ever see a guy so drunk?"

You want to save them and you start toward them with outstretched arms,
but they move back into the crowd. This makes you furious and you start
to yell again.

You grab the nearest person. It's a woman but you shake her anyway.
Someone has got to listen.

"Let go of me, you masher," the woman screams. "Help, somebody, help!"

The crowd closes in on you. A sailor grabs you from behind and a man
in working clothes hits you with a lunch bucket. You let go of the
woman and hit back at him.

"Help! Help!" the woman is still yelping.

"Call the cops--a man's trying to rape a girl!"

Someone hits you with an umbrella, and you know it's the same dear
little old lady. A guy grabs you by the neck and tries to throw you to
the ground but you kick him in the groin and trade punches with two
others. Then they're all over you. The old lady trips you and you go
down. She starts beating you with the umbrella as a man's foot smashes
against your head. You see a woman's nylon-clad leg as she raises her
spiked heel and brings it ripping down across your cheek. Other feet
crash into you.

"Let me help you," you're still yelling, but they keep on kicking. Some
of the shoes have blood on them, you notice through the haze, but they
still keep on kicking.

Then it's getting dark and you lie there and think how Henny Penny--or
was it Chicken Little?--must have felt. You want to tell someone about
it but you don't. You just lie there and wait for the screaming sirens
to come and take you away.





End of Project Gutenberg's The Last Days of L.A., by George H. Smith

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE LAST DAYS OF L.A. ***

***** This file should be named 60671.txt or 60671.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/0/6/7/60671/

Produced by Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

